Bitcoin is a worldwide cryptocurrency and digital payment system, called the first decentralized digital currency, since the system works without a central repository or single administrator.

<strong>Processing - mining</strong> Mining is a distributed consensus system that is used to confirm waiting transactions by including them in the block chain.  It enforces a chronological order in the block chain, protects the neutrality of the network, and allows different computers to agree on the state of the system
Bitcoin is a worldwide cryptocurrency and digital payment system, called the first decentralized digital currency, since the system works without a central repository or single administrator. It was invented by an unknown programmer, or a group of programmers, under the name Satoshi Nakamoto and released as open-source software in 2009. 

<strong>Processing - mining</strong> Mining is a distributed consensus system that is used to confirm waiting transactions by including them in the block chain.  It enforces a chronological order in the block chain, protects the neutrality of the network, and allows different computers to agree on the state of the system.  To be confirmed, transactions must be packed in a block that fits very strict cryptographic rules that will be verified by the network.  These rules prevent previous blocks from being modified because doing so would invalidate all following blocks
<strong>Processing - mining</strong> Mining is a distributed consensus system that is used to confirm waiting transactions by including them in the block chain.  It enforces a chronological order in the block chain, protects the neutrality of the network, and allows different computers to agree on the state of the system.  To be confirmed, transactions must be packed in a block that fits very strict cryptographic rules that will be verified by the network.  These rules prevent previous blocks from being modified because doing so would invalidate all following blocks.  Mining also creates the equivalent of a competitive lottery that prevents any individual from easily adding new blocks consecutively in the block chain
<strong>Processing - mining</strong> Mining is a distributed consensus system that is used to confirm waiting transactions by including them in the block chain.  It enforces a chronological order in the block chain, protects the neutrality of the network, and allows different computers to agree on the state of the system.  To be confirmed, transactions must be packed in a block that fits very strict cryptographic rules that will be verified by the network.  These rules prevent previous blocks from being modified because doing so would invalidate all following blocks.  Mining also creates the equivalent of a competitive lottery that prevents any individual from easily adding new blocks consecutively in the block chain.  This way, no individuals can control what is included in the block chain or replace parts of the block chain to roll back their own spends
<strong>Processing - mining</strong> Mining is a distributed consensus system that is used to confirm waiting transactions by including them in the block chain.  It enforces a chronological order in the block chain, protects the neutrality of the network, and allows different computers to agree on the state of the system.  To be confirmed, transactions must be packed in a block that fits very strict cryptographic rules that will be verified by the network.  These rules prevent previous blocks from being modified because doing so would invalidate all following blocks.  Mining also creates the equivalent of a competitive lottery that prevents any individual from easily adding new blocks consecutively in the block chain.  This way, no individuals can control what is included in the block chain or replace parts of the block chain to roll back their own spends. 